Hello user, let me help you run my projects. First thing your going to want to do is click on the green botton that says "code", after the drop down options appear you will click the botton that looks like two papers, one is slightly over the other. Make sure you are on the HTTPS tab, you will know you are on the right tab if there is an orange line under it. after you have copied the URL move over to your VScode app. On this app you will click the clone git repository button. after doing so a "provide repository URL or pick repository source" option will appear near the top of the screen of your vscode app. where it says to provide repository, right click and paste the URL you copied. One you do that click clone from URL. you will be prompted to to pick or create a file for the code you are trying to get. IF you create a folder i suggest adding the name of publishers code. after you create a folder click "select repository location" to get the code to show up in your VScode. You will then be asked if you would like to open this code or you will be asked if this file could be trusted. Click open or yes to continue. Getting pass that, to look at the code we are looking for you would want to click on the "Controllers" tab in the "Explorer" section. There will most likely be a "weatherforecastcontroller" in this tab, ignore that one, it is not the tab you are looking for. The code you are looking for will be in the other tabs probably name something relative to the project. To add a new terminal you will need to click the terminal botton at the top of the app that says "terminal" the select "new terminal". From here to start to run and start debugging you can either press F5 or click the play botton icon that has a little bug next to it. you can find this on the right side of the screen of the VScode app. Once that run itll take you to an error screen on your default web browser. Dont worry this is suppposed to happen. From here you will need to copy the URL. you will need to have access to postman either by visiting the website or having the app downloaded. In the postman app you will need to click the + botton so we can enter the URL we just copied into the "enter request URL" your link will look something like this (https://localhost:XXXX) the x's will be replaced by whatever numbers the local host will give. From here you will need to add the controller name WITHOUT the word controller in it, like examplecontroller, you would just use the word example.Next you will add the route name. for every thing you add you will have to put a "/" between so it knows you are adding and seperating, for example:https://localhost:7295/example/route. you will have to add / when you input your answer to get the responses intended for the user. example:https://localhost:7295/cont/route/name. you will continue this pattern as much as needed. i hoped this help you!!!



Peer Review: Andrea Burr: i like how it runs i think his story should be longer but overall good code/story

